KB migration: Create a patch (#5056)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/comp-mgr/patching.md

When the [patch][] program is run, this file is read in and the specified changes are made to the file(s).

## Official patches

You can find official Magento patches in the [Magento Security Center][]. Follow the instructions on the page to download the patch file, depending on your version and installation type.

> ## Use the command line to apply a patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use the command line to apply an official patch
```

Reviewer: I can't make a comment near line 36, but the patch command should be placed in a bash code block.

Author: @keharper, I think that's because you were looking at an outdated version of changes.
